If you run a B2B offer, an agency
coaching program, high ticket offer in
any capacity whatsoever, I'm going to
talk to you about how I make $1.1
million and sign $122 clients per month
every single month using ads. So,
basically a comprehensive outline and
guide for profitably spending $7,000 per
day or more on ads and signing 20 to 30
clients per week because that's exactly
what we do at our companies. I'll tell
you about it in just a second. But what
we're going to go over is CACL LTV NR
math funnel offer under design creatives
media buying strategy scaling checklist.
And then I'm going to give you guys an
offer to work with me directly. So past
30 days numbers 1.161 million in
revenue, $183,000 in ads. It was 2,800
individual sales cuz there's like some
selfch checkckout [__] that goes on too.
It's not just full sales calls for every
single offer. And then
766 qualified calls booked. Why
qualified? Because I reject every single
person who isn't qualified. And I'm
going to tell you about that in just a
second. If you don't know me, my name is
Daniel Fazio. I'm the co-founder of
Client Ascension and Liskit. This is how
much money we make. And I'm saying that
just for authority and credibility
purposes, so you actually listen to what
I'm telling you today because it [__]
works. So, let's get straight into it.
So, first off, you can download this
document I'm using this video at the
first link in the description. And then
two, you can work with me directly
oneonone to scale your ads at the second
link in the description. Click that
link, opt in, and I'll give you pricing
on how exactly that works inside of that
video. But let's get straight into it.
So, CAC, LTV, and RMA. We're going to
walk through some definitions here like
you're back in high school cuz you got
to know this. So, CAC, cost to acquire a
customer. LTV, lifetime value. LTGP is
lifetime gross profit. So, that
literally just means lifetime value
minus the cost to fulfill. And then NR
is net revenue retention. So, what I
want to do here is walk you through this
real quick. So, this is just an example
of a Google sheet that's a CAC to LTV
calculator. So, if we were to take some
broad assumptions here, let's say you
were spending $30,000 on ads and let's
say your cost per qualified live call
was $420. That's about something you
could expect if you're running some kind
of like B2B offer and like you're
selling to people who make 25K a month
or more in their own business, right?
Close rate, it really should be like 28%
if you're doing the qualification and
lead rejection thing I'm going to talk
to you about in a second. But then we go
over here. You take your average revenue
per customer monthly if it's a recurring
service. Let's say you have a 70% gross
profit per customer. Let's say your
churn is 10%. That would mean that your
lifetime value is 35,000. Your lifetime
gross profit is 24,500. would give you a
16.3x between this right here, your
$1,500 attack and this right here, which
is phenomenally good. So, if you want a
copy of this sheet just to kind of play
with it yourself, first look in the
description again, you can download this
document which has a link to this as
well. So, our entire job in our
companies is either to increase LTV or
decrease CAC and literally you serve no
other function in your business. There
there literally is nothing else to do in
the business if it does not increase LTV
or decrease CA. There's nothing you
could possibly be doing inside of your
company that is useful if it is not
directly either increasing LTV or CAC.
Literally, every single function that
matters in any capacity whatsoever at
all is 100% of the time going to fall
within either of these. There's nothing
you can come up with that would ever not
fall within those, right? If it's a
useful activity. So, you might say like,
well, what about customer service? Well,
why do you do customer service? So, your
customers stay longer. Why do you want
your customers to stay longer? So, they
pay more money. What does that fall
under? LTV. There literally nothing you
could be doing that's useful in your
company that doesn't fall within these
two. So you need to make it abundantly
clear that you've got to keep your eye
on what actually matters. It's just
making more money and decreasing cost.
There's literally nothing else at all,
right? So the higher the LTV, the more
money we make. The lower our CAC, the
higher our ROI. So what are the factors
that actually influence LTV? Like how do
we even increase LTV at all? So here's
everything we do. How much you charge?
If you charge more money, the LTV
potentially go up if it doesn't get
offset by increased turn. Number two is
how long customers stay. That's if it's
of a recurring service. There's how many
times customers buy if it's not a
recurring service. Then there's how
often you reactivate people who churned.
There's how often and by how much you
can upsell people who come in from one
offer and you upsell them to another
offer. And then there's how efficiently
you can downell people who are intending
on churning. So, okay, someone says
they're going to churn. Are you able to
sell something else? See what I mean?
So, here's the factors that influence
CAC is your cost per qualified call and
your close rate. Now, I could have put a
dozen different things in here like
clickthrough rates or cost per optin,
but all of these metrics are completely
useless beyond cost per call. The
reasoning for this is going to be
explained in the next section, but
literally nothing else. If you're
running a callfunnel business, you have
a sales team, a sales teambased high
ticket offer business, nothing else
matters besides cost per call when
you're running ads. Nothing. There's
literally no other metric that you
should even look at at all. It doesn't
matter what's the cost per call and
what's the close rate because that gives
you the cap. Nothing else matters,
right? So net revenue retention. What is
this? So this is just a formula. The way
you calculate it is you take whatever
your MR is starting at and then you add
your expansion MR. So what is expansion
MR? It's upsells or upgrades. Then you
subtract your churned MR, how much MR
you lost. And then you take that number
and divide it by your starting MR and it
gives you a percentage. And the
percentage is a literal expression of
the growth of your company as a
percentage, right? So imagine you have
100 clients at $1,000 a month. That
would mean you're at $100,000 a month.
So and let's say your monthly turn is
10%. So you lose 10 clients and you lose
$10,000 per month in MR. So you go down
to $90,000 a month from $100,000 a
month. But you upsell another 10 clients
from a,000 a month to 2,000 a month. So
you gain another $10,000 a month
accounting for both the churn and
upsells. You're at 100% NR. Right? This
metric ignores new customers. Right?
formula is an expression of how healthy
your business is absent of new
acquisition. Right? If your NR is 90%
that means you lose 10% of your revenue
per month without acquiring new
customers. If your NR is 100 110% that
means you gain 10% of your revenue per
month without acquiring new customers.
So the enterprise value of your business
is derived from NRR. Churn only matters
to the extent that it impacts NRR.
Right? Hope this makes sense because
it's super integral for you to
understand if you want to actually make
this [__] work. So therefore, increasing
LTV is substantially more useful and
worth your time than obsessing about
reducing CAC. CAC can only go down so
much. LTV can go up infinitely, right?
So what's the secret to increasing LTV?
Because after a certain point, it's
unreasonable to decrease churn anymore.
Things just happen, right? People have
to churn. There's a better way. And the
answer is the portfolio of products
strategy. This is otherwise known. I
like to call it operation hypers scale.
This is how you make a profound amount
of money. So let me give you a quick
visualization here. What is this? Each
of these green boxes represent an offer.
And now each offer has its own
acquisition strategy associated with it.
So let's say you have one offer where
it's ads, another offer where it's
organic, and you have another offer
that's coming in through ads, another
one through ads. And one's a selfch
checkckout, one's a low ticket product,
one's a high ticket product, one's a
mid-t product, one serves as an upsell
to another, one serves as a downell to
another, one's a cross-ell a cross-ell
because they can buy multiple at the
same time. It's just various
tangentially related products that are
similar to each other in different forms
and different buying frequencies at
different prices that are for different
people in different life cycles of a
customer. The point is to have a
profound amount of these. You just have
a lot of offers. Why? Because some quick
napkin math to help you understand this.
Let's say you have 100 clients from ads
on one offer. Let's say it's offer one
right here. And then some percent of
these clients stay on this offer for a
year. And then some percent churn, but
they ended up being downsold some other
offer to stop them from fully churn. So,
so let's say they were on offer one, but
then they were going to churn. They told
the client success manager they're going
to churn, but then the client success
manager was able to successfully
downsell them to offer two. Cool. So,
now they're on offer two because offer
two was more relevant to their business
at the time that they were going to
churn, right? And then let's say another
percent fully churned, but then they
started getting ads for some of your
other offers and ended up buying those.
So, they churned from offer one and then
they started getting ads for offers
three and four and then they were like,
"Oh, wow. Offer three is way more
relevant to me." So they purchase offer
three, right? So you save some money
there. You saved some churned MR, right?
But let's say cold traffic bought a low
priced offer, then it got upsold from
customer success team to a higher price
offer. So let's say over here, offer
four was a low ticket product. They
bought that. Then a customer success
manager upsold them to offer one, which
is a higher ticket product. You see what
I mean? And then let's say you had older
clients saw you launched another offer.
So you just launched offer six and they
ended up buying that while they're
already on offer one. So now they're
paying you for both offer one and offer
six, right? And then this cycle just
repeats forever. an infinitely
interweaving incohesive type of finagle
[__] of different offers. You just
have [__] to sell and people just buy
the [__] you have for sale. Like it's
really that simple how this functionally
works. Like how many brands does
CocaCola own? It's like 600, right? And
then you take like random little
companies like Proctor and Gamble. Like
they own like 4,000 different SKUs. It's
like random [__] like that. Like Apple
has like 60 products. Not all of them
are hardware. There's a lot of software
and like subscription based products and
like media based products and like
there's just [__] for sale. There's just
things to buy. You see what I mean?
There's just various different products
to purchase. This is what I'm getting at
here. Like this is how you make this
work. This is how your ad you make your
ads work. Because if we just go back to
this sheet over here, let's say that
this was 1,500 over here and then this
was like five to make this a little
better. You're paying 1,500 to make
1,500. But then you still got to
fulfill. So you're actually losing money
on month. A lot of people just can't
stomach that when when you don't have a
[__] ton of capital saved up like you're
running kind of a smaller company. You
see what I mean? So, the way you
counteract this is by just having so
much [__] for sale that you can
liquidate the ad spend faster. The whole
point what you're trying to do is put
$100,000 into ads in a single month and
then make $100,000 back immediately in
month one and then make all the profit
in month 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. You
see what I mean? Like this is the
strategy. This is how you do this. And
I'm not saying like you got to
understand like this isn't just like
some [__] that I just like randomly came
up with. this is how you scale a
company. This isn't me like giving you
like a theory of like, oh well, you can
do it this way. Like this is just a
strategy, but if you go start
investigating other people's theories on
how to do this, like they're going to
tell you something else and you could do
it their way instead and it might be
better than my way. It's not true. This
is how you do it. This is the way to do
it. There is no other way to do it. You
see what I mean? This is what I'm trying
to get at. You invest money to purchase
customers and you make as much of the
money back as quickly as possible and
then you make the profit on the back
end. This is how every single large
company scales on the entire planet.
This is the way to do it. Just trying to
make sure you fully understand the
gravity of the situation which I'm
trying to express to you. I'm correct.
This is what you have to do. You got to
just be comfortable with spending the
money and breaking even and making the
money back. And if you can't stomach
that temporary amount of pain, you're
just never going to be rich ever. I
would prefer that you're rich. So just
listen to what I'm saying and just do
the [__] strategy. It literally
doesn't work any other way. So let's get
more deeper into this. So every
individual offer, right? All of these
could independently be self-liquidating
and your absolute level of profit will
geometrically expand for every new
additional offer you add. So, let's say
that offer one has a $1,500 CAC and you
collect $1,500 in month one. That's a
self-liquidating offer, right? And then
let's say offer two is a $500 offer and
it costs $500 to get customers for it.
And then offer three is a $70 offer and
it costs $70 to get a customer. Every
single one of them is exactly equal. You
spend this much and you make that much
immediately. It's a 1x row. That's every
single one in month one. And all of your
offers could be like that and your
profit on the back end would
geometrically expand. Why? Because
again, I just explained that they
interweave and they upsell into each
other and cross-ell into each other and
then there's recurring elements to them.
The point is that you want thousands of
human beings to have paid you any amount
of money at all because the people who
are most probable to pay you money are
the people who have already paid you
money. Right? The girl who is most
probable to go on a date with you is a
girl who's already been on a date with.
And this is why I tell people, don't do
lead magnets on cold traffic. Why?
Because lead magnets are free. And
people who download free [__] tend to
continue to only download free [__] You
see what I mean? You can't make profit
back because the cost per lead on people
downloading the free [__] is too high in
comparison to the amount of revenue that
you will make from the people
downloading the free [__] Free [__]
downloads are only cool or only
economically viable if it's organic
traffic, right? So, like for instance,
on this video, I have a free lead
magnet. I just told you the first link
in the description, you can download
this document. Why am I doing that? When
I just said free lead magnets don't work
because it's free traffic. I'm not
spending ad dollars. Like 10% of you
watching this video might download a
lead magnet. If this video gets 10,000
views, I just got a,000 email addresses.
I probably close like four people. You
see what I But if I was spending $10 or
$15 per lead like you're going to do in
ads, it's too expensive. It's not
economically viable to do that. So, you
need to selfquidate to acquire
purchasers, people who buy [__] because
people who buy [__] are going to
continue to buy more [__] You see what
I mean? You got to imagine this is just
a complete truism that you got to
understand. Like, there's a section of
your market, right? And it's like 95% of
them are just like lurkers and they just
don't buy [__] They don't do that.
They're little freeloaders. They refuse
to buy anything. We call these people
the pores, right? And then we have the
5% of people who actively buy stuff,
invest into themselves, actually get all
of the results, actually drive revenue
and push the business forward because
they're actually a serious person. Okay,
cool. So, if we're going to get
thousands or hundreds of leads, how do
we make sure that only the leads that
we're talking to and the people that
we're having actual conversations with
are people that aren't the pores? And
the answer is through lead qualification
or you make them pay for the [__]
upfront. That so that would be like a
low ticket product where it's like you
only let people talk to you, they've
already [__] purchased something. The
other one is you're telling them the
price up front and then you're
confirming that they can pay the price
and if they say they can't afford the
price, then you reject them and don't
even allow them to book a call in the
first place. That's exactly the next
section that we're going to get into. So
let me finish this off first before we
do that. So, every single new offer that
you add to your arsenal of available
[__] to purchase from your business,
every single new offer decreases net
revenue churn, increases lifetime value,
decreases CAC because there's more
optionality, increases reactivations,
increases net revenue expansion, and
increases net cash flow. Every single
one, all simultaneously, every time you
add a new offer to your business for
sale, all of this will happen at once.
And it doesn't stop at offer three. It
doesn't stop at offer four. It doesn't
stop at offer five. It just keeps going
literally forever and ever and ever and
ever and ever and ever. And this is why
you see these billion-dollar companies
who will literally have like 3,000
products for sale. You see what I mean?
And you're sitting here with one
service, one product offering for sale,
and you're wondering why you're not rich
yet. I have like 10 different offers
that people can buy from me. I just have
[__] for sale. There's just things to
purchase from me. You see what I mean?
Like this is why we're at $1.1 million a
month cuz there's just [__] [__] to
buy. You see what I mean? So let me show
you this graph. So graphically this is
how this works. So let's say you have
offer one, it's selfquidating. And then
you have offer two, it's selfquidating
on cold traffic. Like you're running ads
to offer one and you're selfquidating to
spend immediately. You also have another
offer that's doing that. What does this
do? It feeds these people into an
acquired customer pool. So you have a
pool of people who have purchased [__]
from you, right? And then you add
additional offers. You sell offer three
to the acquired customer pool and you
make $2,000 profit for every time you
sell that. Pure 100% raw profit. And
then you do the same thing with offer
four and that's $2,500 profit. Pure 100%
raw profit. No additional CAC. You
already acquired the customer. Right?
This is where you make money. So I want
you to imagine this graph completely
split in half. The left side is where
you make the revenue in your business.
The right side is where you make the
profit in your business. Right? On the
left side, you don't want to profit. You
want to spend so much money on
advertising that you are bidding that
your bids are so [__] high that you
are completely self-liquidating. Right?
If you're making any profit at all, you
need to spend more money until you're
not profiting. So, you're getting an
absolutely [__] ton of people in the
door, right? Then you sell them other
[__] on the right side after they've
become a customer with something. And
you can imagine that when you've been
doing this for so long, for six straight
years, like I have, that's how you make
a [__] ton of profit, that's where the
profit is made. You see what I mean?
Like functionally, this is graphically
how this works. This is very, very
important for you to understand. It's
the way to do it. It's the way. If you
can spend a long time trying to search
for information of someone saying, "Oh,
no, you can profit on the front end. You
can profit on the front end. You can
profit on the front end." This is
[__] bro. You will make
substantially more money just trying to
do this than you will trying to profit
on the front end. You will profit 500
times more money if you just go all in
on this than if you were just trying to
profit on the front end. Like just being
real with you. You really need to just
do this instead. All right, cool. So
let's talk about funnel and offer
design. So here we're going to cover
optins, VSSLs, lead qualification, and
calendar distribution. So generally for
B2B, you're going to look like this.
It's going to be add landing page. The
landing page has a VSSL on it.
Application call close. So I like to
have optin pages. So this is incredibly
simple. I just get the name, email,
phone. The button button normally says
get pricing and details. That's it. No
videos, no testimonials, no excessive
text on the opt-in page because that's
for the VSSL page, right? So, just a
clean singular headline and button. They
put their info in, bam, they get
automatically redirected to the VSSL
page and it's just a video that explains
your offer clearly. Then below the video
is a button to book a call. Again, it's
extremely simple. So now, when they
click this button, it doesn't just show
a calendarly. It does not take them to a
calendarly. It opens a type form. Why?
Because we filter people based on
revenue, right? So, if they're making
less than our threshold, it was going to
vary by the offer. They don't even see
the calendar. Right? So, this saves your
sales team countless hours when I'm
talking to poor people, right? And then
after that, if they qualify, they get to
see the calendar. So, I'm going to get
into this in a second. I need to
reiterate this so you really grasp the
situation of what I'm trying to convey
here. I'm asking them how much money
they make. If they don't make enough
money, I completely reject them and
don't even let them see the calendarly
at all. I also reveal the price and ask
them if they can afford to pay that
price. If they say no, then I also
reject them and they're not even allowed
to see the Calendarly. Right? I'm going
to get more into the math of this in a
second. But you got to understand like
that is the correct way to do it. And if
you don't do it that way, you are so
[__] You are so so so [__] if you
don't do this. You're trying to sell
high ticket to cold traffic. Let me get
into optins first. So, as a general
rule, the more rich and sophisticated
the market is, the less you want to use
optins. So, if your market is
exclusively people making like 100 or
200k a month or more, don't use opt-ins.
But if they make below that, generally
you should use optins. So, there's also
other exceptions to this rule and it's
obviously something you should just test
yourself. So, don't like I Daniel told
me to do optins and then I did opt it
didn't work and don't [__] like
obviously everyone every offer is
different, right? So, we personally
generally always use optins because
we're insanely good at email and we have
insanely good setters. completely
[__] cracked setters calling and
texting immediately. Email list like
[__] one, two, three emails a day.
Like insane, right? So like
functionally, how does this funnel work?
Someone sees the ad, they get to the
opt-in page, they opt in. Now they're on
the email list. The email list links to
the VSSL page that has the application
on it. The setter is calling to doing
the application process manually. That's
something that's important to note as
well. So like if you have an application
that's filtering out poor people or the
people who can't afford the offer, but
then you also have setters who are
calling and setting leads for the
closers. The setter needs to also be
doing the qualification process that's
on the application because the setter
just is the type form. You see what I
mean? Like the setter needs to ask them
how much money they make and reveal the
price of the offer. That's what we told
our setters. Our setters are only
compensated for the lead if they
revealed the price and they got the
revenue from the person and the person's
revenue is qualified and they said that
they could afford the price. If they did
not do that on the call, cuz we'll go
and audit the call. If they did not do
that, then they don't get compensated
for it. Why? Because if the setters
don't do that, then they're going to set
dog [__] leads on the closer calendar
and then the closer close rate goes
down. You see what I mean? It [__] the
whole sales process. You see what I
mean? The setter is the type form. They
are the application. They serve the same
function. You see what I mean? So, we
were looking right here. Someone opted
in. They're also on the email list. So,
I want to talk about the email list real
quick. So, all optins go through a 5 to
10 day sequence where they get one to
two emails per day. In addition to this,
they're also getting our broadcast
emails that we sent to the entire list.
So optins may be getting like two to
three emails per day. Like this is
important to understand because there
are too many times where I've been
working with a client and they're
completely not sending emails to the
list at all. Oh, I send the email a
week. They get two a day from me. You
send one a week, I send 14. You see what
I mean? So I had a student tell me he
emailed his list an offer one time,
collected about 15k, and then was on the
phone with me wondering how he can get
more clients. He's like, "I'm not making
as much money I want." And he sent the
email 3 months ago. And then I screen
shared my HubSpot and show this guy I
was sending five emails per week Monday
to Friday on top of the automated
sequences. And he's like, "Oh shit." I'm
like, "The difference between what
you're doing right now and what's
actually required to get substantial
results is normally extremely wide. Like
you're normally doing 120th what it
actually takes. If you're going to have
an optin, use the [__] that you get from
the optin. If you're not going to
[__] hammer the email list, don't
even do the optin." So people, "Oh,
optins didn't work for me." It's a yeah,
cuz you didn't do anything with the
emails. didn't do anything with the
phone numbers. That's why it didn't work
for you. So, we double call leads as
quickly as possible. The faster the
better. So, we sporadically call them
for one to two weeks after as well. So,
they get automated text the day of and
the next 3 days. Then they get
occasional text. And the general gist is
this. If you're going to use optins, get
the maximum amount of usefulness out of
it. Don't require your leads to give you
an email and phone number up front, then
not do anything with it. Right? This
doesn't make sense. Like, the entire
purpose of the optin is specifically to
do something with the data that you're
getting. So, constantly be calling them,
constantly be texting, constantly be
emailing. If you're not going to do
that, just don't even use an opt-in at
all. Right? But if you do use an optin
and you do it correctly, I tend to find
it works much better if it's not to very
welloff business owners. If it's very
well off business owners, don't use an
opt-in. Okay, cool. So, friction and
qualification. So, again, we use type
form to filter out the unqualified
people from talking to our sales team.
This is extremely important. You need to
be cautious of people bragging about low
cost per call. So, you you'll see people
online all the [__] time, bro. $80
calls and they're all poor people with
no business and no money 100% of the
time. This literally is what's
happening. So, if you do not friction in
your funnel, ads will never work for
you. You are not here to work with
everybody. You're here to work with
qualified business owners who make money
and who have the budget to spend money.
There's absolutely zero reason to talk
to anybody, even for 5 minutes or any
amount of time at all, who does not fit
these qualification parameters. If your
offer is $10,000 and the only people who
can afford it are people who make
$30,000 a month or more, why are you
going to talk to anybody who makes less
than $30,000 per month? And why are you
going to talk to anybody who does not
explicitly state that they can afford
$10,000? It doesn't make any sense. It's
a complete waste of their time and it's
a complete waste of your time because
your closers do not have an infinite
amount of time to talk to [__] [__]
tons of people. They can only talk to
like five people a day. Stop making it
poor people. It doesn't make any sense,
right? So, when you constantly keep
allowing unqualified people onto the
calendar, your close rate is like 5%.
Right? The sales guys get frustrated,
your cost per acquisition is horrible,
and every party loses. Everybody in this
situation does not like what's going on
here. Bad situation. You spend $1,000
per day with $50 calls booking 20 calls
per day. 80% are unqualified. The close
rate is 5%. You close one out of 20
people. So, you need 20 calls to speak
to even just two to three qualified
people and close just one, right? One
closer can handle five per day. You need
four closers. Huge [__] pain in the
ass. You need to hire and manage four
closers to make [__] zero money at
all. Like, what are you doing? Right?
good situation. You spend $1,000 a day
with a $250 cost per qualified call,
booking four calls per day, closing one.
It's one the amount of calls and time
needed to spend to close the same amount
of money. You only need to hire and
manage one closer, not four. Right? This
is a complete [__] waste of time.
Don't do that. Do this. Stop talking to
the poor people. So, let me give you an
example. This is just an example of
mine. So the first question is, are you
a B2B company or a B2C company? And I
say right there, I'm like, we do not
work with B TOC companies who sell to
consumers. You must be selling to
businesses. Two options. I'm B2B or I am
BC. And if they select I am B TOC, it
ends the type form. It just says you
can't book a call. It's not for you.
They can't even see the Calendarly,
right? And then number two, what's your
approximate current monthly revenue your
business? If they select they make less
than $5,000 a month, what happens? Auto
reject. Rejected. They can't even see
the Calendarly. It doesn't even show it
to them. They can't even see it, right?
Question three. Are you able to spend
$2,100 to get started in a minimum of
$600 per month onwards? Yes. No. If they
select no, what happens? It rejects them
and they can't even see the calendarly.
They can't even talk to us. Next one. Do
you estimate your total addressable
market is more than 15,000 people? If
they select no, what happens? We reject
them because that's just something that
they have to have that for the offer to
make sense. So, if they select no, what
happens? we reject them and they can't
even see the calendarly in the first
place. Now, let's walk through this. So,
every single person our closers talk to
is a B2B company who makes more than
$5,000 per month, knows the price, and
has explicitly stated that they can
afford it, and they have a total
addressable market large enough to make
cold email work for them in the first
place. So, what does that mean? It means
that our close rate is like [__] 32%
and our CAC is low as [__] and the
closers make a lot of money and we need
to manage like 14th the amount of
closers. Each closer is able to bring us
in like [__] 50 to 80 grand a month
in new sales by themselves with that low
price of an offer. You see what I mean?
If you do anything else, it's just
completely [__] stupid. The numbers
don't make any sense. Like I can't get
ads to work for me. like ads don't work
for me. It's a get cuz you're talking to
poor people. That's why that's literally
why it literally zero sense at all.
There's not even a single argument could
ever be made. Every time you do this, it
adds friction, right? This is friction.
There's drop off. This question drops
people off. So is this one. So is this
one, right? It's a friction point. So
adding more friction increases cost per
call. It increases the percentage of
calls booked that are qualified. It
increases show up rate and it increases
close rates. So when you do this and you
get rid of the poor people, yes, it
increases your cost per call, but it
increases how many of the people are
qualified and the show up rate goes up
and the close rate goes up. And these
counteract this so much that your ROI
shoots up like [__] three times. You
see what I mean? So yes, your cost per
call goes up, but all of the other
metrics improve simultaneously to such a
high degree that you make substantially
more ROI. Right? Now, what happens if
you get rid of this friction? You
decrease your cost per call. So, you get
more calls booked for the same amount of
ad spend. However, they're all
unqualified people. The show up rate
goes down and the close rate goes down.
And it does that so much that your ROI
gets completely [__] You see what I
mean? It is profoundly more economically
efficient to be booking less calls that
are more expensive but are more
qualified than to be booking more calls
that are not qualified. Stop letting
unqualified people talk to you. This is
so integrally just ridiculously
important for you to understand. If you
do anything else, it's just a complete
[__] waste of time, right? So,
calendar distribution. I'm going to
introduce a new concept to you called
availability variance, right? And now, I
found this out by being a complete
[__] turbo skitso just looking at
this [__] all day long. So, when people
are choosing call slots when they reach
the calendar page in your funnel,
they're going to pick the time that is
most maximally convenient for
themselves, right? What does that mean?
If none of the times you have available
are maximally convenient, they're only
going to do one of two things. They're
going to not pick a time at all and
leave because it's too inconvenient,
which increases your cost per call, or
they're going to pick an inconvenient
time for themselves, which increases no
show rate. So, what does this mean for
us? It means that as your calendar gets
to be around 70%, time slots start being
removed, which means that every single
person coming through your funnel now
must pick a progressively more
inconvenient time for themselves, which
increases your cost per call and your
no-show rate at the same time. Right?
So, if your calendar is 70% full, you
need to hire another closer. Right? I've
had so many clients inside Olympia where
I help you one-on-one scale your ads and
funnel and make a [__] ton of money and
scale your business one-on-one. Link in
the description. Go check that out. But
they come to me and they say, "I can't
scale anymore. The cost per call keeps
going higher." And then I go look at
their calendar and there's no
availability variance. So, what do I
mean by availability variance? You have
[__] tons of different times to pick.
Like, you have 9:00 a.m. available. You
have 6:00 p.m. available. You have 11:00
a.m. available. You have 1:00 p.m.
available. You just have all different
kinds of times available. It's a
variant, right? And you do it in
30-minute increments. People can just
book throughout the whole [__] day.
Cuz what happens is they get to your
calendar page, they look at their
calendar, they're like, "What kind of
[__] do I have going on right now, and
then they pick the time that's most
convenient for them?" You see what I
mean? If there's no convenient times,
they just don't [__] book. And then
you're [__] Like, so you're sitting
here thinking like, you're like, "Oh,
the leads are coming to me. I'm going to
only set it so that they can only pick
the times that are most convenient for
me." Okay. Well, that's selfish as [__]
and completely [__] because there's
no availability variance and your cost
per call shoots up. This is so
substantial that there have been
situations where we were spending like 5
grand or six grand a day and then we
added a new full-time closer and then we
started booking more calls for a lower
cost per call without increasing the ad
spend. We just put a new closer on and
then just because a wider and deeper
availability variance where people can
pick any slot they want like multiple
times at every singular slot of the day,
the cost per call just shot down with
zero additional ad spend just because
there's wide as [__] availability
variance. You see what I mean? Right
when slots start disappearing from the
calendar, your cost per call shooting up
100% of the time. 100% of the time and
the no-show rates shooting up as well.
This is so important. This is so so so
so so important. It's actually insane.
So, what happens with these people is
that you open up their calendar and then
there's no slots to book into and you
can't scale against a fixed calendar.
When you try to raise your ads budget
without hiring new salespeople, it's
like scaling your ad spend for an
e-commerce brand, but you don't have any
inventory. It literally doesn't make any
sense. So, like imagine you sell shoes.
You got a shoe design and you're
advertising for your shoes and you just
don't have size 9 and 10. What are you
doing? You don't have sizes 9, 9 and
1/2, 10, 10 and 1/2, 11 or 11 and 1/2.
They have to be size 12 or they have to
be size [__] 8 and 1/2. That's
literally no people at all. That's what
you're doing when you have low
availability variance. Obviously, your
cost per call is inflated by 50, 60, 70%
in some cases. Obviously, open your
calendar up more. Like the [__] works.
So, fundamental thing to understand, you
hire closers first before scaling ad
spend. This literally doesn't make
sense. Like, yeah, let me scale my ad
spend on a calendar with no [__]
slots available. It literally doesn't
make sense. People will have like four
slots available. No, like I have slots
available on the calendar. I could take
four calls today. Those are not
convenient times for the [__] bill.
Everyone, every single person in B2B,
all of them in the whole planet want to
either book from like 9:00 a.m. to 11:00
a.m. or like 1:00 p.m. to 2 p.m. That's
the prime time. It's right around there.
Now, what happens when you have a call
slot booked at that time? And everyone
wants that time cuz you don't have
enough closers. So, that slot disappears
on your calendar, right? So, what do you
need to do? you need to hire another
closer to replace that slot cuz it's
prime time. That's when the people want
to [__] talk to you. It's one of the
biggest fuckups I see a lot. The two
biggest fuckups of this are you're
letting the poor people talk to you and
you have no availability variance,
right? If you just do that, shit's going
to work way better for you. So, here's
like the ad strategy. So, media buying
strategy and creative testing frequency
and strategy. So, creative creative
testing, we constantly test new creative
for video ads. We'll typically launch an
ad set with five different videos using
the same body but different hooks. We'll
also launch another ad set with the same
hooks but different body. So, it looks
like this. So it' be like hook one body
one, hook two body one, hook three body
one. We throw all that into a single
adset and then horizontal was vertical
scaling. One of the biggest mistakes I
see people is trying to scale a single
adset vertically. I just personally
haven't really been able to do that.
They're trying to push more and more
budget into it. Instead, we scale
horizontally. So we'd rather have 10
adsets running at $300 a day than one
adset at 3,000 a day. The performance
just always tends to be better like
that. Audience targeting, we keep
completely completely broad open
targeting. So no interest, no look
alikes, none of this [__] 100%
completely open broad targeting 99% of
the time unless it's retargeting. Budget
management. I typically start new adsets
at $200 a day. If you can't start at
$200 a day, it's just completely [__]
useless for you to even advertise. Like,
you just don't make enough money yet. If
a cost per qualified call is going to be
between $200 and $300 and you're trying
to sit here and [__] spend $50 a day,
you're going to get like one or two
calls booked a week. It's just
completely [__] useless. Like, don't
even advertise, bro. Just go make some
more money. It literally just is
completely useless for you to do it.
It's too slow. If they perform well,
we'll increase anywhere from like it's
like 10 to 20% every couple days. If the
adsets cost per call exceeds two times
the target, I turn it off. It's really
that simp. So if our good cost per call
is like $250 and this is live for like 3
days, I hasn't booked a call. I just
shut it off and I'll just consider it a
failure. So AI targeting, you have to
fundamentally understand what AI
targeting is doing, right? If you try to
manually control all of the variables in
the ads manager, you're just going to
get bad results, right? So you need to
let the AI do the heavy lifting. And if
you keep screwing it, screwing with it
all the time, you simply get no results.
So what you say in the ad is the
targeting. If you say agency owners or
B2B businesses or get clients or
coaches, like you literally speak that
words in the ad, that's exactly who it's
going to target. The AI is transcribing
what you're saying in the ad, reading
the text you provided on the ads, and
then using that against the billions of
data points it has in everybody
available to the platform. So it serves
your ad against the people who are
interested in those topics, right?
meaning you do not have to do any manual
targeting whatsoever. Trying to manually
target and [__] with it yourself is you
thinking you're smarter than the AI.
You're not like you're just not right.
You're not going to beat it. There's
zero situation where you manually target
stuff yourself and it ever results in
you getting better results than just
leaving it completely to do its own
thing. You're just not going to beat it.
You really just aren't. As an aside
note, I didn't put this here. I know
it's not in the document, but the common
question is, do you do video ads? Do you
do static ads? The answer is video ads
work better than static ads for B2B
offers about 99% of the time. And if
you're just like relying on statics,
you're literally just being lazy. Stop
doing that. Like, oh, my ads aren't
working. It's cuz you're only using
static. Also, another big thing I didn't
dive too deep on into here is you need a
VSSL. If you think you're going to get
away selling a high ticket offer without
you being on an extremely in-depth video
sales letter on the page, you are
completely [__] [__] It's not
happening. You need a very long video
sales letter. You need to give a dense
amount of information and [__] available
for people to self-investigate your
offer themselves, right? You're not
getting away with that. Like, you need
to do video ads and you need to have a
video sales letter. If you're not going
to do that, there's pretty much a 0%
probability this works for you. So, what
you say on the landing page is also the
targeting in addition to what you're
saying in the ad. So, let's keep this
super [__] obvious. If you have an
opt-in page that says this is only for
B2B companies above $30,000 per month in
revenue, what do you think that's going
to do? It's going to stop people who do
not run B2B companies and also are not
at $30,000 per month from opting in.
Don't you think that makes sense? Right?
If we only want people opting into our
our opt-in page, who are B2B companies
above $30,000 per month in revenue,
don't you think it would be a good idea
to put this on the optin page? Why are
we doing this? So that only B2B
companies who are above $30,000 per
month will get triggered as conversions,
right? And when those people are getting
triggered as conversions, it's teaching
the ads manager to target more people
like that. So if you're getting
unqualified leads or irrelevant leads,
that means you need to add more friction
to the funnel. If you're sitting here
and your leads are unqualified that
you're getting from ads, what do you do?
You add more friction to get rid of
them, right? So this is exactly why I do
not allow people with no budget to book
sales calls. It's also why I reveal the
prices up front. Like we were just
talking about the type form before
because I only want people who make
money and can afford the price to be
marked as conversions so that the ads
manager continues to only send me people
like that. So I optimize for the call
scheduled. I don't optimize for opt-ins.
I don't do that's [__] I optimize
for people who opt in, get through all
of the type form questions correctly,
reach the calendarly page, schedule in
the time, reach the thank you page after
that they booked the Calendarly. I'm
optimizing for the people who completed
booking the call. And the only people
who completed booking the call were the
ones who answered all of the questions
of type form correctly. What does that
mean? It means that only the people who
are a B2B company who make above $5,000
per month, know the price and said that
they can afford the price and have a big
enough TAM ever get marked as a
conversion. So my ads manager keeps
finding people who are similar or
identical to that so that we don't get
the poor people coming through. You see
what I mean? Okay, next thing. I do not
turn off ads. I always launch ads in
batches of ad sets. I I like to put like
five ads in the ads set, right? I'm
rarely ever able to get a single ad
above a,000 a day. Like a single ad set.
It's normally a bunch of ad sets
spending between $200 to $800 a day. So,
whenever we launch an adset looks like
this, hook one body one, hook two body
one, hook three body one, hook four body
one, hook five body one, or it's hook
one. If we have a winning hook, it would
be hook one body one, hook one body two,
hook one body three. You see what I
mean? All these go into a single ad set
on each ad. All five primary text
options, description options, and
headline options are completely filled.
Once I launch that adset, I never turn
off any of the ads inside of it or [__]
with any of the ads ever at all. Ever. I
launch the adset that no edits will ever
be made to that adset ever again besides
the daily budget ever. Why? Because it's
AI targeting. It will automatically
spend budget on the ads that get the
maximum amount of results. There is zero
reason to turn off individual ads.
Therefore, when I'm assessing results of
my ads, I only look at the results of
the ad sets and never the individual
ads. I only look at the ad set. So
budget, budget planning and creative. So
as we talked about earlier, each closer
should only have about a 70% full
calendar. So once that's achieved, you
need to hire another closer to scale the
ad spend. So you can only scale in
batches. So if your closers can take
five calls per day, you take your ideal
or normal cost per call, multiply that
by five, and that's how much ad spend
you need to have per day per closer. So
let's say you have five closers, and
your cost per call if I call is $300.
300* 5 is $1,500 per closer. You have
five closers times $1,500. That's $7,500
in total daily ad spend. That's what you
can spend per day. You can't go past
that because they can only take five
calls a day. Because if you start
scaling past that, now you're going to
hit the availability variance. Your cost
per call is going to go up and your show
rate is going to go down and your ROI is
going to get [__] Your CAC is going
to get [__] You see what I mean? So,
if you want to scale more ad spend, you
have to hire a new closer first. Get
what I'm saying? There are no shows,
reschedules, variants. That's why we
only do five. So, the closer has time to
do follow-up and sales activity when
they're not on call. New creative
testing. As a general rule, for around
if you're spending like $3,000 of daily
spend, you can launch five new creatives
per week up to about $3,000 a day in
spend. If you're around like $6,000 a
day in spend, you need to be launching
like 10 new creatives per week minimum.
If you're at $500 a day, you can get
away with like five new creatives every
two weeks. Now, I don't have a hard
formula for this. You really have to
just vibe it out. Are the ads working or
not? If they're not working, launch
more. If they are working, you can get
away with not launching as much. It's
really that [__] simple. It's kind of
annoying sometimes when people will be
like, "How many ads do I need to be
launching per week and I need this
exact?" It's like, "Dude, do the ads you
have right now, are they working right
now?" And if the answer is no, then make
a [__] ton right now. Not specifically
five. Go make go do 10, 15, 20. But if
all the ads you have are working right
now and like you need to take a break
this week, then take a break this week.
It's really that simple, right? So if
they're not working, obviously go make
more immediately. Really that simple.
Okay, so conclusion, just to reiterate
this, I'm going to tell you about my
offer Olympia, which is a really good
offer. Understand your CAC LTV math.
Build a funnel with qualification and
lead rejection. Constantly make new ads
and then focus on that revenue
retention. It's really that simple. And
then make sure you have enough closures
for availability variance, right? All
that kind of [__] So, let me talk to
you about Olympia. I'll work with you
oneonone to scale your ads in Olympia.
So, we work with B2B offers, agencies,
people who sell coaching offers. We work
with all you guys. It's join
Olympia.com. So, how does it work?
What's included? You get two one-on-one
calls per month. That's with either me,
my sales manager, Dan Crowley, COO,
Andre, or Christian. A lot of people
think that they'll need to be talking to
me constantly all the time. And then you
find out that like running ads and
having a winning funnel is super [__]
easy and if you know what you're doing,
but then all the actual difficulty is
sales and managing a sales team. So you
actually end up talking to Dan Crowley
more than you talk to me after you get
success, right? Done with you funnel. So
you can duplicate our winning funnels
directly into your account. Literally
just duplicate the [__] Uh done with
you ad scripts. So I show you how to
write your ads and personally review
them for you. I have like this whole
thing about how to use AI to do it like
transcriptions of your sales calls and
throw it in. And then I have like a
whole like templatized way to do it with
like a whole [__] worksheet and then
you just like literally construct ad.
It's like super cool. And then you just
send it to me and then I make some edits
to it and whatever the [__] And then
you're good to go, right? Same thing
with the video sales letter. I just have
like a kind of a templatized version for
you to just like copy and kind of like
run through yourself. There's four
inerson events per year. So you can hang
out with us four times per year in
person. That's free of charge for you.
There's no additional cost to that. And
then weekly group call with other
business owners making 30K to 1 million
a month. So, there's people in there
ranging from 30K a month, 300K a month,
600K a month, all the way up to a
million a month. I think there's like 40
people in there right now. It's actually
like really cool. I like this offer a
lot. Again, the link is joinely
olympia.com. It's the second link in the
description. So, you can go there. It's
an opt-in page. You opt in there and
then there's a video. Again, there's an
application that reveals the price and
asks you for your revenue. I'm literally
doing exactly what I [__] taught you
how to do in this video. So, it's a
great offer. You should go do it. And if
you got any value from this, leave a
comment, like, subscribe, whatever. And
that's it for me. I love you. Peace.